I think any creative process,  whether you're a screenwriter,
an artist, a painter, or
you know, writing poetry or  anything
I mean I think this can  transcend all disciplines
It's very interdisciplinary in  that way.
But I think that creative  process is something that allows
you to kind of access something  deeper within yourself
to bring forward your own  insight.
So it's like you're  researching your own mind.
Well I think any academic will  tell you this
but the transition from reading  to writing
it isn't so much an obstacle
so much as it is part of the  process
Writing is just hard, you know
Reading is really fun
Getting paid to read is an  incredible experience
and made me want to do grad  school
And I am someone who's like
kind of considering grad school, and, you know, academia
This did help me solidify that.
I don't know if it made me sure
that I want to go into that, but
you know...
There's so much culture at  Northwestern too
where it's like 'I am constantly doing things'
and I feel like I've made it a  priority for myself now
to like, actually step back and  be like,
'What do I want to be doing  right now?'
Cool, yeah, this was great.
I did this last time too
Don't break the camera